The plan pillar entails setting strategic priorities
for the supply chain to ensure
it can effectively understand and balance
VHA enterprise needs against existing capabilities.
Both clinical needs identification
and requirements definition,
including service level definition,
occur at this stage,
as do budgeting and financial planning.
Where resource gaps exist, plans are crafted
to address these gaps.
Clear delineation of roles, responsibilities
and cross-functional linkages are critical
to fostering close collaboration and seamless execution.
Plan as an independent pillar
but also occurs within each of the other pillars.